Regular Riders
Joan, age 25, is a full time MSc Finance student at Birkbeck College. As part of her undergraduate degree she spent a year in industry. She currently lives in a 5 bedroom flatshare in Croydon. She often goes out clubbing at weekends in Central London. Joan is quite experienced with ride-hailing app as she managed the CEO's diary during her internship. She is particularly interested in a simple, clutter-free UI and would like to be a able to schedule rides a few hours in advance. She would like to be able to see the driver's reviews before scheduling/booking a ride.

Luxury Rider
Alice is a CEO for a company, as a very busy individual who travels often and has a lot of meetings she would like to have a luxurious experience when travelling where she can take some calls or also be picked up from the aiport.

Sharing Rider
Dave, a student lives in the heart of the city. Dave often goes for nights out with the city till late. He likes the option of pooling a cab as it is cheaper and doesnt mind the longer journey.

Disabled Rider
A wheelchair user Bob needs taxi services almost every day. He works from home and despite his disability, he goes regularly to gym and visit often his friends and family. He finds public transportation very gruesome for wheelchair users and uses taxi services instead. However, he feels that currently available taxi services are not wheelchair friendly enough and sometimes it is unclear if the car he ordered can accommodate him. In the new taxi app, he can choose a car which is suitable for wheelchair users.

Drivers
Chris is a mini-cab driver. He currently works for a mini-cab firm but would like to switch over to NotUber. He is 48, with an NVQ Level 2 in Bricklaying. Chris is married with 2 children - Sarah and Jessica. Hi wife, Jenny, works as dinner lady at the local primary school. He is not keen on digital technology and so would appreciate an intuitive application, with ease of use as his foremost priority. 

Admin 
Can enable or disable accounts. Can approve riders to use the platform. Can monitor and deal with complaints 