Scenario 1:
A busy businesswoman Alice needs to travel a lot due to her job, but she tends to be on the airport on the very last minute before closing the gate. This makes her business travelling even more stressful and she really wants a way to get to the airport fast. A new taxi app makes booking a cab easy by letting her save the regular route between her home and airport in favourites and with only a few clicks, she’s able to book a cab to pick her up from her home. She also appreciates the feature to pay her cab beforehand and the payment will be taken from her pre-saved credit card so she doesn’t have use additional time for payment when the cab arrives at the airport, and she can only focus on getting to her gate before the closing time.
Scenario 2:
A young man named Paul is an active nightclub goer who often uses different taxi services when he wants to head home from the club usually at very late hours. He is often tired after the night of dancing and drinking and has sometimes accidentally ordered a cab to wrong location. All he wants is to get home safely in the middle of the night with no issues. A new taxi app let him save his home address as his regular location and automatically detects his current location at whatever night club he has chosen for that weekend, so by clicking his pre-saved home address, he can order a cab easily which takes him to his home.
Scenario 3:
A senior woman Kate in her eighties is still active and likes to take care of her own grocery shopping and visit her grandkids. However, she doesn’t have a car and don’t like to use public transportation which is why she uses taxi services a lot in order to do her shopping, regular GP visits and social activities. She is not very tech savvy and finds current taxi applications difficult to use due to her deteriorating eyesight. With a new taxi application which has a clear and concise user interface with easily readable fonts, she can see what she is ordering and where and how much she must pay for her ride. She also appreciates the feature that she can save her credit card details so she doesn’t have to input them every time. She feels that now her shopping and visits are much easier to deal with.
Scenario 4:
A wheelchair user Bob needs taxi services almost every day. He works from home and despite his disability, he goes regularly to gym and visit often his friends and family. He finds public transportation very gruesome for wheelchair users and uses taxi services instead. However, he feels that currently available taxi services are not wheelchair friendly enough and sometimes it is unclear if the car he ordered can accommodate him. In the new taxi app, he can choose a car which is suitable for wheelchair users.
